My approaches:-
1)First thing that i have used is SWD(selenium web driver).In that Major disadvantage is that u have to login using scanner each and everytime u run the script.And Moreover Using selenium u have to find the search bars and other elements by their source code.It's Kind of 50-50 Because sometimes it works sometimes it may not,
SO AUTOMATION OF WHATSAPP USING SWD IS NOT A GOOD IDEA.IT'S NOT AUTOMATION IT'S ALMOST EQUAL TO WRITING A MESSAGE TO THAT PERSON BY YOURSELF.
2) Then i came up with the idea of using os.system to open a path.I have created a whatsapp shrotcut on my Desktop.And i have provided the path of shortcut by using os.system.
In this approach the disadvantage is that u have to provide a path.And Most probably people use webwhatsapp in chrome.
This is Also a Bad idea.But Not worst and it helps only ur PC if u have desktop application of whatsapp.
3)This approach is GOOD.I'm not using SWD and OS so no file path and no finding elements.By webbrowser module u can open webwhatsapp.com.
Sending Messages:-
First thing in SWD i found people(who i want to message) by using"find_element_by_xpath,classname etc" that's kind of tricky.
It has troubled Me a lot in finding elements.So It worked sometimes and sometimes it didn't even work.
So for the Next two approaches the key thing is:-
If u observe webwhatsapp or desk application and hit tab key once the cursor is placed on the searchfield if u type the person-name(contact name) entirely in searchfield.The first result is u get the contact chat.
and if u hit tab key once it pops the contact chat on the side and hit tab key twice the cursor is placed on the message field.
So as explained above.
There is module called pynput.
Pynput  is module in python which allows us to controll mouse and keyboard of our system.
So after opening webwhatsapp or desk-application.The key thing is loading of whatsapp.
It Depends on netspeed and sometimes case is that u have to login so i used time.sleep to wait for 20 secs so that the site gets loaded completely.
After that using Pynput.keyboard i pressed tab key once and waited for 3-5 secs (because if somewhat loading of contact is slow and if u haven't made it sleep for 3-5 secs.It directly presses the keys and message would not be sent and code doesen't work properly).
So i made use of time.sleep method.After Pressing that tab key the contact pops up in this sleep time i have mentioned and tab key is pressed Twice and waits.
After waiting the message is entered in message field and waits.The purpose of wating here is to show u the message entered by the bot is correct.
After waiting the enter key is pressed and hence the message is sent to that person.
That's it!!!!   
